Project Setup
-------------

### Modules and Artifacts

Dispatch is divided into a number of modules so that client
applications need only depend on the parts of Dispatch they use. Some
of the modules depend on other modules, and dependencies managers will
add these transitive dependencies automatically.

Each module is [cross-built][sbt] against several versions of Scala
and [published to the scala-tools][st] repository with the
organization-id "net.databinder". The modules have the Scala version
they are built against appended. For Scala $scala$, the full artifact
names are as follows:

* dispatch-http_$scala$
* dispatch-nio_$scala$
* dispatch-core_$scala$
* dispatch-gae_$scala$
* dispatch-futures_$scala$
* dispatch-mime_$scala$
* dispatch-json_$scala$
* dispatch-http-json_$scala$
* dispatch-oauth_$scala$

[dn]: http://databinder.net/repo/
[st]: http://scala-tools.org/repo-releases/net/databinder/
[sbt]: http://code.google.com/p/simple-build-tool/wiki/CrossBuild

### Source Dependencies

Because each web API and third party Scala library has its own release
timeline, some modules are not part of the main Dispatch build and
distribution. Instead, they are external modules hosted on github
and tagged for release as needed.

Since these modules are build from source, binary compatibility with
Scala and Dispatch versions is not an issue. More importantly, they
can be trivially initted, forked, and used by anyone.

If a module is lacking an API method that you need right now, you can
fork it, fix it, tag it, and push it without waiting on anyone
else. At that point it's "released" under your name. You should also
fork this documentation to add your integration module to the list:

* [dispatch/dispatch-lift-json](https://github.com/dispatch/dispatch-lift-json) -- The lift-json parsing and serialization library
* [n8han/dispatch-aws-s3](https://github.com/n8han/dispatch-aws-s3) -- Amazon S3 signing and bucket interaction
* [n8han/dispatch-couch](https://github.com/n8han/dispatch-couch) -- Basic CouchDB integration module, rather outdated
* [n8han/dispatch-google-clientlogin](https://github.com/n8han/dispatch-google-clientlogin) -- Google's ClientLogin
* [n8han/dispatch-meetup](https://github.com/n8han/dispatch-meetup) -- Meetup Groups and Everywhere APIs
* [n8han/dispatch-twitter](https://github.com/n8han/dispatch-twitter) -- Basic Twitter integration for Dispatch, pls fork!

### Build Tools

#### Configuring sbt Projects

When using sbt with Scala **binary dependencies**, it's best to have the
Scala version [automatically appended][sbt] so it will always match
your project's. In a sbt 0.11.x `build.sbt`:

```scala
libraryDependencies ++= Seq(
  "net.databinder" %% "dispatch-http" % "$version$"
)
```

To use **source dependencies** with sbt, create a project build such
as `project/build.scala`. .0 tag of
dispatch/dispatch-lift-json on github:

```scala
import sbt._
object MyApp extends Build
{
  lazy val root =
    Project("$name$", file(".")) dependsOn(dispatchLiftJson)
  lazy val dispatchLiftJson =
    uri("git://github.com/dispatch/dispatch-lift-json#0.1.0")
}
```

The [Twine example application][twine] uses both source and
binary Dispatch dependencies in its sbt project.

[twine]: /Try+Dispatch.html

#### Maven

With Maven, you can depend on Dispatch's binary modules by specifying
the full artifact id with Scala version:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>net.databinder</groupId>
  <artifactId>dispatch-http_$scala$</artifactId>
  <version>$version$</version>
</dependency>
```

To use source dependencies with Maven, your best bet is to check out
the project as a submodule.
