Dispatch in Android
-------------------

Many people are writing Android applications in Scala and want to do
their HTTP communications with Dispatch. Unfortunately, this is not as
easy as it should be.

### Android's HttpClient

The Android platform ships with the Apache HttpClient library. It is
packaged in the same JAR as the "Java" standard library. From an application
perspective it is just there, always.

When packaging for Android, you should be sure not to include any
HttpClient jars; the classloader will always find the stock client's
classes first. This allows apps that require HTTP communication—nearly
all apps—to save space.

The downside of shipping libraries in the standard classpath is that
the environment becomes rigidly coupled to them. If you want to take
advantage of a new feature in a library, too bad. You'd have to wait
until all of your users upgrade their operating system to the new
version—if it's ever made available for their devices.

But wait, it gets worse! Updates to the HttpClient libraries in
Android stalled. There was a procedural issue with binary
compatibility; see [this thread][thread] for the gory details. The
short of it is, we can rule out just waiting for those parties to fix
the situation.

[thread]: http://old.nabble.com/HttpClient-in-Android-td27915358.html

### Dealing with It

Versions of Dispatch through 0.7.x can work with Android's random old
version of HttpClient just fine. Version 0.8.x however depends newer
major versions of the HttpComponents libraries and certain interfaces
are not compatible with the code shipped with Android.

But it is *possible* to include the newer HttpComponents artifacts in
the application package and to trick the classloader into finding
them. How? You can obfuscate the class and package names with
ProGuard, eliminating the namespace collisions.

But really: isn't programming hard enough without some bytecode
analyzer changing the names of all your symbols prior to runtime? For
most of us, yes. That's why it's recommended here that you **use
Dispatch 0.7.x with Android**. That works without any tricks and it's
still a lot nicer than having to code to the client directly.

### What's in Store

This unfortunate problem underscores the need for Dispatch to be
independent of any single backend. The primary advancement of 0.8 was
to support HttpComponet's async NIO client in addition to its standard
blocking client, but that (like the rest of 0.8) is unusable on
Android without some serious hackery.

Dispatch 0.9 will therefore need to support entirely different
backends such as Netty or one of the higher level async clients built
on Netty. And main reason to choose a backend like that for Andorid
apps will be, ironically enough, its absence in the platform
distribution.
