Lift-JSON
---------

As a project to model HTTP interaction in Scala, Dispatch is made up
of a number of inter-dependent modules. These include dispatch-json,
which has a JSON parser that is defined with Scala's awesome
parser-combinators. But mysteriously, this parser overflows the stack
when run against medium sized inputs on the Android VM, while no such
problems have been seen on standard JVMs. It is integrated with
dispatch-http and some extractors in the dispatch-http-json module.

More recently, a Scala JSON library came to life as Literaljson and is
now part of the [Lift Web Framework][lift]. It is built for speed, and
it supports a number of powerful ways to [query] and [extract] JSON
data. Its parser works as normal on Android. Considering all that is
going for Lift-JSON, it would be foolish not to have the
dispatch-lift-json integration module.

[query]:https://github.com/lift/lift/blob/master/framework/lift-base/lift-json/src/test/scala/net/liftweb/json/QueryExamples.scala
[extract]:https://github.com/lift/lift/blob/master/framework/lift-base/lift-json/src/test/scala/net/liftweb/json/ExtractionExamples.scala
[lift]:http://liftweb.net/

Dispatch also includes interfaces to particular web services, some of
which use dispatch-http-json and some dispatch-lift-json. These are
not meant to be canonical or exclusive or even complete. They're
examples of web APIs wrapped in Dispatch that you can use as you see
fit; e.g., dispatch-twitter drives our [Talk] page. So if you'd like
to use lift-json with Twitter or dispatch-json with Meetup, you're
welcome to make your own module and even contribute it back via a
[Dispatch fork][fork].

[Talk]:Talk
[fork]:http://github.com/n8han/Databinder-Dispatch
